If you have ever visited my home state of Louisiana, you are probably familiar with many of our tasty dishes—gumbo, jambalaya, étouffée, and the list goes on and on.

From time to time, I find myself feeling bold enough to cook one of those tasty recipes. The undocumented final step after mixing all the ingredients and following the detailed instructions is to do the final taste test and see if anything is missing. At that point, I can hear the Creole cooking legends whispering in my ears, “Put more Tony’s in it.” Tony’s is a Creole seasoning made in Opelousas, Louisiana, my hometown. It is often used as the “secret ingredient” to compensate for the imperfections made while following the recipe.

My wife, Michelle, and I had the honor to serve as mission leaders in Louisiana. We had a tradition of teaching the missionaries how to cook her special jambalaya recipe on their last night in the mission home before they returned to their families. In addition to their testimonies of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ, our missionaries left the mission with an appreciation for recipes.

A few months ago, I was browsing through the Church Media Library and saw a link to a collection of short videos called Restoration Conversations with President Russell M. Nelson. The title of one of the short videos in the list caught my attention and made me smile. It is called “Scriptures Are God’s Recipes for Happy Living.” I immediately clicked on that two-minute video and watched President Nelson teach a group of Primary kids a simple and powerful message about how to be happy. He taught: “If you’re making a cake, you follow the directions, don’t you? And you’ll get a good result every time, won’t you?”

He continued, speaking about turning 95 years old soon: “People say, ‘What do you eat? What’s your secret?’” He replied, “The secret’s called the scriptures. You might read them and try them.”

Well, there we have it. The simple secret for happy living is to just follow God’s recipe as detailed in the scriptures. I call it the “Good News Recipe.”

What do you do if something goes wrong when following the recipe? Well, embedded in the Good News Recipe is the “secret ingredient” to ensure you always get it right in the end. The answer is always Jesus Christ.

I think we all have moments when we feel our ingredients are not good enough, or we struggle to follow the directions, or perhaps we do something out of order, or something happens that is out of our control, and so on.

What’s the remedy? It’s simply to add more of what invites Jesus Christ into your life.

So, what might it look like to add more Jesus Christ into your life?

While serving as mission president, I had the pleasure of meeting personally with each of our young missionaries every six weeks. During the one-on-one meeting, it was common for missionaries to seek guidance on how to improve the effectiveness of their companionships.

On one occasion, a missionary came into his personal interview and sat down. I could tell from his body language that something was weighing heavily on his mind. I asked, “Elder, what would you like to discuss today?” He went on to describe some of the challenges he was having with his companion and how it was affecting their ability to do missionary work. With tears in his eyes, he looked at me and asked, “President, what should I do?”

In that instance, I honestly didn’t know how to respond. After a brief moment, I asked him if it was OK for us to kneel together in prayer for guidance from the Spirit. He agreed, and we knelt together and prayed for inspiration.

After the prayer, we continued kneeling for a short time and then sat in our chairs facing each other. I asked if we could read a scripture together. As we opened our scriptures, I paused and told him, “Elder, as we read this scripture, please ask yourself the following question: If I live these attributes, will it improve my companionship and our missionary work?”

Then we opened Moroni 7:45 and read out loud: “And charity suffereth long, and is kind, and envieth not, and is not puffed up, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil, and rejoiceth not in iniquity but rejoiceth in the truth, beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things.”

The elder then looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, “Yes, President, but that is hard to do.” I agreed and reminded him that he is a son of God with divine potential to do it together with the Lord.

Then we briefly discussed the parable of the slope taught by Elder Clark G. Gilbert of the Seventy, which reminded us that we need to start where we are and, together with the Lord, move forward and upward in a positive direction. I could tell that he was still feeling a bit overwhelmed with the next steps, so I asked him to describe his understanding of the scripture “by small and simple things are great things brought to pass.” He went on to describe the concept that by doing small and simple things, great things can happen. I asked him to take a minute and identify two small and simple things he could do to be kind to his companion.

After a few moments, he shared his thoughts. Then I asked him to take a minute and identify two small and simple things he could do to be patient with his companion. He almost immediately shared his two thoughts. It was clear that he had already been pondering this before our meeting. I invited him to take those few items to God in prayer and to ask for confirmation, direction, and inspiration on how to execute his plan with real intent. He agreed. As we concluded, I asked him to provide a brief update in his weekly letter.

As the next few weeks went by, I could see in his weekly letters that things were improving. Not only could I see that improvement in his weekly letters, but I could also see it in the weekly letters of his companion. During our next in-person interview, I saw a night-and-day difference in his countenance and spirit. I asked him, “So, Elder, is it true that ‘charity never faileth?’” He responded with a big smile, “Yes, and by small and simple things are great things brought to pass.”

As you follow the Good News Recipe for happy living, remember President Nelson’s teaching: “Whatever questions or problems you have, the answer is always found in the life and teachings of Jesus Christ. Learn more about His Atonement, His love, His mercy, His doctrine, and His restored gospel of healing and progression. Turn to Him! Follow Him!”

When you need to “hear Him” and know how to invite Jesus Christ into your life, consider following the steps President Nelson taught us about personal revelation:

“Find a quiet place where you can regularly go. Humble yourself before God. Pour out your heart to your Heavenly Father. Turn to Him for answers and for comfort.

“Pray in the name of Jesus Christ about your concerns, your fears, your weaknesses—yes, the very longings of your heart. And then listen! Write the thoughts that come to your mind. Record your feelings and follow through with actions that you are prompted to take. As you repeat this process day after day, month after month, year after year, you will ‘grow into the principle of revelation.’”

I testify that Jesus Christ is our Savior and Redeemer. He has “accomplished everything we need to be able to return to [our] Heavenly Father.” In the name of Jesus Christ, amen.

Can you remember a moment when someone gave you a gift that changed your life? This October marks 40 years since I received one of the greatest gifts in my life. While I was in high school, I noticed that one of our classmates had a light that was different from most of the other young people. I enjoyed being around him. One day he told me he was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Then he offered me a gift: a copy of the Book of Mormon. He invited me to read a few pages and meet with two friends who could answer my questions. Those friends were the missionaries.

When I met with the missionaries, they taught me the doctrine of Christ and invited me to follow the prophet Moroni’s invitation: “When ye shall receive these things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost” (Moroni 10:4).

I read several pages of the Book of Mormon and prayed. Although I did not yet have a deep understanding of all the things that the missionaries were teaching me, I felt in my heart that what I was reading was good and came from God. I received the confirmation of Moroni’s promise: “And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of all things” (Moroni 10:5).

After I was baptized into The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, some friends tried to convince me that I had made the wrong decision. But each time I faced such doubts or opposition, I received renewed confirmation through studying the scriptures and praying to stay true to the covenants I had entered into with God. Since then, the Book of Mormon has been my companion and has become an immeasurable treasure in my mortal journey.

The Book of Mormon is more than just a book. It is another testament of Jesus Christ, written by many ancient prophets through the spirit of prophecy and revelation.

The most significant event recorded in the Book of Mormon is the personal ministry of the Lord Jesus Christ among the Nephites shortly after His Resurrection. The Book of Mormon “puts forth the doctrines of the gospel, outlines the plan of salvation, and tells men what they must do to gain peace in this life and eternal salvation in the life to come” (introduction to the Book of Mormon).

The first edition of the Book of Mormon: Another Testament of Jesus Christ was published in a small town in the state of New York in March 1830. The Prophet Joseph Smith was only 23 years old when he completed the translation of the book in 1829. He translated almost the entire book in less than 75 days, and the printing process took about seven months.

Today, approximately 80,000 full-time missionaries in more than 150 countries are serving as volunteers, dedicating their lives to bearing witness that the Book of Mormon is true and that it testifies of Jesus Christ.

At the most recent seminar for new mission leaders in June of this year, President Russell M. Nelson shared his powerful testimony of the Book of Mormon: “The Book of Mormon is … the word of God. It teaches the doctrine of Christ and explains more about the Savior’s Atonement than does any other book.”

I would like to offer three suggestions that can help deepen our conversion to Jesus Christ through a study of the Book of Mormon:

1. Be Diligent and Consistent in Your Daily Study
Like Alma and the sons of Mosiah, we must “[search] the scriptures diligently, that [we] might know the word of God” and be strengthened in the truth (Alma 17:2).

While serving as mission leaders in the Georgia Atlanta Mission, my wife and I encouraged every missionary to study the Book of Mormon for at least 30 minutes daily. That commitment increased our faith and helped us to seek and expect miracles.

It’s possible that after the mission we may not have the same amount of time available for daily scripture study, but I promise that if you sincerely prioritize studying the Book of Mormon prayerfully each day, you will find greater spiritual strength and confidence in the Lord and His promises.

2. Make Your Study More Meaningful by Feasting upon the Words of Christ
Nephi taught, “Feast upon the words of Christ; for behold, the words of Christ will tell you all things what ye should do” (2 Nephi 32:3).

To feast means more than just reading—it means savoring, pondering, and applying. As you study the Book of Mormon, consider ways to make your scripture study more meaningful. For example:

Use study aids available in the Gospel Library app.

Identify eternal truths that help us understand God’s plan and lead us to make and keep covenants with our Heavenly Father.

Highlight significant phrases and record your impressions to preserve what you have learned during your study.

The Book of Mormon has the power to answer questions of our souls. As Nephi said, we should “liken all scriptures unto us, that it might be for our profit and learning” (1 Nephi 19:23).

As we feast upon the words of Christ, they will open the door to revelation and show us what we need to do in the various circumstances of our life to draw closer to Him.

3. Bear Your Testimony of the Truthfulness of the Book of Mormon
Just as Lehi desired to share the fruit of the tree of life with his family (see 1 Nephi 8:12), when we gain a testimony of the Book of Mormon, we develop a desire to share the joy that comes from knowing the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Sister Benson with Book of Mormon
One of our missionaries, Sister Benson, who is attending with us this session, shared with me her desire to help her young brother. At that time, he was preparing to attend college and wasn’t sure about serving a mission. I felt impressed to invite Sister Benson to read the Book of Mormon during the first four months of her mission, marking her favorite verses, and then to send that copy to her brother.

Sister Benson sent the marked copy of the Book of Mormon and invited her brother to read from it each night. She later shared with me: “Before my mission, my brother wasn’t sure if he wanted to serve a full-time mission. Slowly, over time, as he read the Book of Mormon, he found increasing joy in his life and began to consider serving a mission.”

Elder Benson
Two weeks before Sister Benson completed her mission, her brother received his mission call. He is now serving in the Mexico Tuxtla Gutiérrez Mission. Through the Book of Mormon, Elder Benson came to see his life with spiritual clarity, which led him to serve the Lord and trust that things would work out. That decision was a miracle—influenced by the power of the words of Christ.

My beloved brothers and sisters, I encourage each of you to deepen your study of the Book of Mormon. I know as we feast upon the words of Christ found in the Book of Mormon, the Spirit will help us understand eternal truths and share our testimonies with conviction with those whom the Lord has prepared to hear His message. The Lord said, “Mine elect hear my voice and harden not their hearts” (Doctrine and Covenants 29:7). I testify that those who ask God in faith will gain a testimony of the truth and divinity of the Book of Mormon by the power of the Holy Ghost. Of this I testify in the name of Jesus Christ, amen.

A little over a year ago, I was released from my assignment in the Presidency of the Seventy, a change announced here at general conference. Because my name was read near those of General Authorities becoming emeritus, many assumed I was also finishing my time of service. After the conference, I received numerous messages of gratitude and good wishes for my next phase in life. Some even offered to buy my house in North Salt Lake. It was nice to see that I would be missed and also to know we will not have trouble selling our home when I am done. But I am not there yet.

My new assignment took Monica and me to beautiful Africa, where the Church is flourishing. It has been a blessing to serve among the faithful Saints in the Africa South Area and witness the Lord’s love for them. It’s inspiring to see generational families of all backgrounds, including many successful and well-educated Church members, dedicating their time and talents to serve others.

At the same time, given the region’s demographics, many people of modest means are joining the Church and transforming their lives through the blessings of tithing faithfulness and the educational opportunities offered by the Church. Programs such as Succeed in School, EnglishConnect, BYU–Pathway Worldwide, and the Perpetual Education Fund bless many lives, especially those of the rising generation.

President James E. Faust once stated, “It has been said that this church does not necessarily attract great people but more often makes ordinary people great.”

The greatness of our Saints in Africa becomes even more evident as they face life’s challenges and the demands of a growing Church. They always approach it with a positive attitude. They embody well the well-known teaching from President Russell M. Nelson:

“The joy we feel has little to do with the circumstances of our lives and everything to do with the focus of our lives.

“When the focus of our lives is on God’s plan of salvation … and Jesus Christ and His gospel, we can feel joy regardless of what is happening—or not happening—in our lives.”

They find joy despite their challenges. They have learned that our relationship with the Savior enables us to approach difficulties with smiling faces and grateful hearts.

African Saints
Let me share some of my experiences with these faithful Saints who illustrate this principle, starting with Mozambique.

Mozambique
A few months ago, I presided over a stake conference for a one-year-old stake that already had 10 units. More than 2,000 people filled the small chapel and three tents that were set outside. The stake president is 31 years old, his wife is 26, and they have two small children. He leads this growing and challenging stake with no complaints—only a smiling face and a grateful heart.

In an interview with the patriarch, I learned that his wife was seriously ill, and he struggled to provide for her care. After addressing the issue with the stake president, we gave her a priesthood blessing. I inquired of the patriarch how many patriarchal blessings he gives on average.

“Eight to ten,” he said.

I asked, “Per month?”

He replied, “Per week!” I counseled him that doing that many per weekend was not wise.

“Elder Godoy,” he said, “they keep coming every week, including new members and many youths.” Again, no complaints—only a smiling face and a grateful heart.

After the Saturday evening session of stake conference, on my way to the hotel, I noticed people buying food along the road late at night. I asked my driver why they were doing it when it was so dark rather than during the day. He responded that they were working during the day to have the money to do it later.

“Oh, they were working today to eat tomorrow,” I said.

But he corrected me: “No, they were working during the day to eat tonight.” I had hoped our members might be in a better situation, but he confirmed that many faced similar challenges in that part of the country. The next morning, during our Sunday session and newly aware of their circumstances, I was even more moved by their smiling faces and grateful hearts.

Zambia
On the way to a Sunday meeting, the stake president and I saw a couple walking along the road with a baby and two small children. We stopped to offer them a ride. They were surprised and delighted. When I asked how far they needed to walk to the chapel, the father replied that it could take 45 minutes to an hour, depending on the children’s pace. They faced this journey back and forth, every Sunday, with no complaints—only smiling faces and grateful hearts.

Malawi
One Sunday before a stake conference, I visited two branches using public schools as meetinghouses. I was shocked by the humble and modest conditions of the buildings, which lacked even some basic amenities. As I met a few members there, I was ready to apologize for the inadequate conditions of their meetinghouse, but they were happy to have a nearby place to gather, avoiding the usual long walk. Again, there were no complaints—only smiling faces and grateful hearts.

Zimbabwe
Following a Saturday of leadership training, the stake president took me to Sunday services held in a rented house. There were 240 people in attendance. Then the bishop introduced 10 new members baptized that week. The congregation was spread across two small rooms, with some members also sitting outside the building, watching the meeting through windows and doors. There were no complaints—only smiling faces and grateful hearts.

Lesotho
I visited this beautiful small country, also known as “the mountain kingdom,” to see a Church district preparing to become a stake. Following a Saturday of meetings, I attended Sunday services in one of their branches in a rented house. The sacramental room was overflowing, with people standing outside the door to participate. I told the branch president that he needed a bigger house. To my surprise, he informed me that this was only half of his membership. The other half would attend a second sacrament meeting after the second hour. Again, there were no complaints—only smiling faces and grateful hearts.

I returned to Lesotho later due to a fatal traffic accident involving several of our youth, already mentioned by Elder D. Todd Christofferson earlier. When I visited the families and leaders, I expected a somber atmosphere. Instead, I encountered strong and resilient Saints who were coping with the situation in an uplifting and inspiring way.

Mpho Aniciah Nku
Mpho Aniciah Nku, 14, a surviving accident victim in this picture, illustrated it well in her own words: “Trust in Jesus and always look unto Him, because through Him you’ll find peace, and He will help you in the healing process.”

These are just a few examples where we see their positive attitude because they center their lives in the gospel of Jesus Christ. They know where to find help and hope.

The Savior’s Healing Power
Why can the Savior succor them and us in any circumstances of our lives? The answer can be found in the scriptures:

“And he shall go forth, suffering pains and afflictions and temptations of every kind. …

“… And he will take upon him their infirmities, that his bowels may be filled with mercy, … that he may know … how to succor his people according to their infirmities.”

As Elder David A. Bednar taught, there is no physical pain, anguish, or weakness we can experience that the Savior does not know. “You and I in a moment of weakness may cry out, ‘No one understands [what I am going through]. …’ No human being, perhaps, knows. But the Son of God perfectly knows and understands.” And why? Because “He felt and bore our burdens before we ever did.”

I conclude with my testimony of Christ’s words found in Matthew 11:

“Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.

“Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.

“For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.”

Just like those Saints in Africa, I know this promise is true. It is true there, and it’s true everywhere. Of this I testify in the name of Jesus Christ, amen.


President Russell M. Nelson taught that if the Lord were speaking to us directly, the first thing He would make sure we understand is our true identity: we are children of God, children of the covenant, and disciples of Jesus Christ. Any other designation will ultimately let us down.

I learned this for myself when my oldest son received his first cell phone. With great excitement, he began entering the names of his family and friends into his contacts. One day I noticed his mom was calling. On the screen appeared the name “Mother.” That was a sensible and dignified choice—and, I’ll admit, a sign of respect for the better parent in our home. Naturally, I got curious. What name had he given me?

I scrolled through his contacts, assuming that if Wendi was “Mother,” I must be “Father.” Not there. I searched for “Dad.” Still nothing. My curiosity turned into mild concern. “Does he call me ‘Corey’?” No. In a last-ditch effort, I thought, “We’re soccer players—maybe he calls me ‘Pelé.’” Wishful thinking. Finally, I called his number myself, and two words popped up on his screen: “Not Mother”!

Brothers and sisters, by which name are you called?

Jesus called His followers by many names: Disciples. Sons and daughters. Children of the prophets. Sheep. Friends. The light of the world. Saints. Each carries eternal significance and underscores a personal relationship with the Savior.

But among these names, one rises above the rest—the name of Christ. In the Book of Mormon, King Benjamin powerfully taught:

“There is no other name given whereby salvation cometh; therefore, I would that ye should take upon you the name of Christ. …

“And it shall come to pass that whosoever doeth this shall be found at the right hand of God, for he shall know the name by which he is called; for he shall be called by the name of Christ.”

Those who take upon themselves the name of Christ become His disciples and witnesses. In the book of Acts, we read that after the Resurrection of Jesus Christ, chosen witnesses were commanded to testify that whosoever believed in Jesus, was baptized, and received the Holy Ghost would receive a remission of sins. Those who received these sacred ordinances assembled with the Church, became disciples, and were called Christians. The Book of Mormon also describes believers in Christ as Christians and covenant people as “the children of Christ, his sons, and his daughters.”

What does it mean to be called by the name of Christ? It means making and keeping covenants, always remembering Him, keeping His commandments, and being “willing … to stand as witnesses of God at all times and in all things.” It means standing with prophets and apostles as they carry Christ’s message—with its doctrine, covenants, and ordinances—across the world. It also means serving others to relieve suffering, being a light, and bringing hope in Christ to all people. Of course, this is a lifelong pursuit. The Prophet Joseph Smith taught that “this is a station to which no man ever arrived in a moment.”

Because the journey of discipleship takes time and effort built “line upon line, precept upon precept,” it’s easy to get caught up in worldly titles. These yield only temporary value and will never be enough on their own. Redemption and the things of eternity only “cometh in and through the Holy Messiah.” Therefore, following prophetic counsel to make discipleship a priority is both timely and wise, especially in an age of so many competing voices and influences. This was at the heart of King Benjamin’s counsel when he said, “I would that ye should remember to retain the name [of Christ] written always in your hearts, … that ye hear and know the voice by which ye shall be called, and also, the name by which he shall call you.”

Martin Gassner
I’ve seen this in my own family. My great-grandfather Martin Gassner was changed forever because a humble branch president answered the Savior’s call. In Germany in 1909, times were tough and money was tight. Martin worked as a welder in a pipe manufacturing plant. By his own admission, most paydays ended in drinking, smoking, and buying rounds at the pub. His wife finally warned him that if he didn’t change, she would leave.

One day, Martin’s coworker met him on the way to the pub with a crumpled religious booklet in his hand. He had found it on the street and told Martin that he felt something different after reading the pamphlet entitled Was wissen Sie von den Mormonen?, or What Do You Know About the Mormons? I’m certain that title has changed.

An address stamped on the back was just legible enough to decipher where the church was located. It was a considerable distance away, but they were moved by what they read and decided to take the train that Sunday to investigate. When they arrived, they found that the address was not the church they expected but a funeral home. Martin hesitated—because, really, a church in a funeral home sounded a little too much like a package deal.

But upstairs, in a rented hall, they found a small group of Saints. A man invited them to testimony meeting. Martin was touched by the Spirit and was so impressed by the simple, fervent testimonies that he bore his testimony. And it was there, in that most unlikely place, that he said he already knew it must be true.

Afterward the man introduced himself as the branch president and asked if they would return. Martin explained that he lived too far away and couldn’t afford the weekly trip. The branch president simply said, “Follow me.”

They walked a few blocks to a nearby factory where the branch president’s friend worked. After a short conversation, Martin and his friend were both offered jobs. Then the branch president led them to an apartment building and secured housing for their families.

All of this happened within two hours. Martin’s family moved the following week. Six months later they were baptized. The man once known as a hopeless drunk became so ardent in his new faith that people in town began calling him, perhaps not so affectionately, “the priest.”

As for the branch president, I cannot tell you his name—his identity has been lost to time. But I call him a disciple, ambassador, Christian, good Samaritan, and friend. His influence is still felt 116 years later, and I stand on the shoulders of his discipleship.

Gassners at the temple
“There is a saying that you can count the seeds in an apple, but you can’t count the apples that come from one seed.” The seed planted by the branch president has produced countless fruit. Little would he have known that 48 years later, several generations of Martin’s family on both sides of the veil would be sealed in the Bern Switzerland Temple.

Perhaps the greatest sermons are the ones we never hear but those we see in the quiet, unassuming actions and deeds observed in the lives of ordinary people who, trying to be like Jesus, go about doing good. What this gracious branch president did was not part of a checklist. He was simply living the gospel as described in the book of Alma: “They did not send away any … that were hungry, or that were athirst, or that were sick, … they were liberal to all, both old and young, … both male and female.” And, a point we should not overlook, they did not send away any “whether out of the church or in the church.”

Those who take upon themselves the name of Christ recognize, as Joseph Smith said, “A man filled with the love of God, is not content with blessing his family alone, but ranges through the whole world, anxious to bless the whole human race.”

This is how Jesus lived. In fact, He did so much that His disciples couldn’t write it all down. The Apostle John recorded, “There are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written.”

Let us strive to follow Christ’s example, doing good and making discipleship a lifelong priority so that each time we interact with others, they will feel God’s love and the confirming power of the Holy Ghost. Then we may join my great-grandfather and millions of others who have declared, like the disciple Andrew, “We have found the Messias.”

In the end, our identity isn’t defined by the world. But our discipleship is defined by the ordinances we receive, the covenants we keep, and the love we show to God and neighbor by simply doing good. As President Nelson taught, we are indeed children of God, children of the covenant, disciples of Jesus Christ.

I testify that Jesus Christ lives and has redeemed us. He is the One who said, “I have called thee by … name; thou art mine.” In the name of Jesus Christ, amen.
